Spelling suggestions (#146)
exercism/docs: building/markdown/markdown.md

- The `printf()` function writes to the console.

> More complex code (e.g. multi-line code) should be wrapped in triple backticks. A [language identifier](https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml) should be specified after the opening triple backticks to enable syntax highlighting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More complex code (e.g. multiline code) should be wrapped in triple backticks. A [language identifier](https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml) should be specified after the opening triple backticks to enable syntax highlighting:
```
